make device factory decorator (#597)
DiamondLightSource/dodal: docs/explanations/decisions/0003-make-devices-factory.md

# 3. Add device factory decorator with lazy connect support

Date: 2024-04-26

## Status

Accepted

## Context

> We should add a decorator to support verfied device connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We should add a decorator to support verified device connection.
```

Author: done

## Decision

DAQ members led us to this proposal:

- ophyd-async: make Device.connect(mock, timeout, force=False) be idempotent
- ophyd-async: make ensure_connected(\*devices) plan stub

> - dodal: make device_factory(startup_connect=False) decorator that makes, names, caches and optionally connects a device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- dodal: make device_factory(eager=False) decorator that makes, names, caches and optionally connects a device
```

names of the decorator params have changed, may be other changes in here to reflect

Author: the ADR reflected the understanding in April, it's allowed to change. let's not change records of the past too easily :eye: ,  ADR is not a docstring

Reviewer 2: It's a new file though. I could maybe understand that perspective if it were already in the codebase, but since it isn't everything in it should be subject to change to make it more accurate to the change its referencing.
